CERT-4884 updated docs (pending v7 release) (#217)
Certora/Documentation: docs/prover/cli/options.md

We have two contracts `BankToken.sol` and `LoanToken.sol`. We want `tokenA` of the `tokenPair` to be `BankToken`, and `tokenB` to be `LoanToken`. Addresses take up only one slot. We assume `tokenPair` is the first field of Bank (so it starts at slot zero). To do that, we use:
`certoraRun Bank.sol BankToken.sol LoanToken.sol --verify Bank:Bank.spec --structLink Bank:0=BankToken Bank:1=LoanToken`

(--contract_recursion_limit)=
### `--contract_recursion_limit`

**What does it do?**
Contract inlining can cause recursion (see {ref}`--optimistic_contract_recursion`). This
option sets the contract recursion level, which is the number of recursive calls

> that the Prover will consider when inlining contracts linked using e.g. `--link` or `--struct_link`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the Prover will consider when inlining contracts linked using, e.g., `--link` or `--struct_link`.
```

Reviewer: What if the recursion happens without linking, for example if a function called in main contract (`currentContract`) is already recursive?  Maybe that's already considered linking, but it's not very clear.

Author: In what sense recursive? Internal calls? I can clarify that's not the kind of recursion this option deals with, it deals with recursion from external calls.

> If a counterexample causes a function to be called recursively more than the
> contract recursion limit, it will report an assertion failure (unless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the prover finds an execution in which a function is called recursively more
than the contract recursion limit, the prover will report an assertion failure (unless
```

> {ref}`--optimistic_contract_recursion` is set, in which case the counterexample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ref}`--optimistic_contract_recursion` is set, in which case the execution
```

will be ignored).

> The default value is zero (i.e. no recursion is allowed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is zero (i.e., no recursion is allowed).
```

**When to use it**

> Use this option when there is recursion due to linking calling Solidity
> functions, and this leads to an assertion failure. In this case one can either

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand the "calling Solidity functions" attribute.  Maybe it should be

```suggestion
Use this option when after linking the resulting program calls recursive solidity
functions, and this leads to an assertion failure. In this case one can either
```

Reviewer: I suppose the assertion failure might be a real one, for example, reachable within the current contract recursion limit.  The message probably tells when this is the case (like it does for summary recursion, right?).

> make the limit larger or set (via {ref}`--optimistic_contract_recursion`) flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make the limit larger or set {ref}`--optimistic_contract_recursion` flag
```

to `true`.

Note that making the limit larger is not always sufficient, 
as the code may in fact allow theoretically unbounded recursion.

**Example**

```
certoraRun Bank.sol --verify Bank:Bank.spec --contract_recursion_limit 3
```

(--optimistic_contract_recursion)=
### `--optimistic_contract_recursion`

**What does it do?**
Contract linking can cause recursion (see also {ref}`--contract_recursion_limit`).
This option sets the Prover to optimistically assume that recursion cannot go 
beyond what is defined by {ref}`--contract_recursion_limit`, 
but only if {ref}`--contract_recursion_limit` is set to a number higher than 0.

**When to use it?**
1. When the recursion due to contract linking is unbounded.
2. When we are interested only in a limited recursion depth due to contract linking.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{caution}
Note that this flag could be another cause for unsoundness - even if such recursion
_could_ actually happen in the deployed contract, this code-path won't be verified.
```
